Oh, fuck. They found them. They're all their way. They can't wait to meet Miss Lucy.
It must be a backlash from the witches' bell. Are you okay? They're sacriplets. Everything for him is my only my fix it.
Don't make me repeat myself. Do you want to live or not?
I-I-I thought of your child. Will be a bond strong enough to make him feel attached to you. That might work.
This child? Sure. I'll have his child.
He really has been dead and wife now. But he still has his mate. What am I supposed to do?
Did you hear? Alpha Orson rejected Ariana. Wild stuff.
What? So does that mean he lost his wife?
What's gonna happen to our pack? We're screwed, right?
Austin is still the strongest Alpha this pack has ever seen, and he's not going anywhere. Stop talking nonsense.
No matter what happens, I am sticking by Austin. We'll handle this together.
Austin, it must hurt so much.
You heard. It's my supergirl crying. And I still have my wolf.
Really? You are correct. I rejected Ariana. And now, there's nothing in between us.
Remember that good news I was telling you about? What is it? What is it?
Come up to the room tonight. Then everything will be prepared and you'll find out.
Lucy, you're doing good. Wait, no.
Austin, I'm right. Why are you sitting in the dark?
What? No. Thanks. Lucy, this isn't what it looks like.
This is a surprise you had for me.
It's not what you're thinking. I thought she was you.
You thought she was me? That's supposed to make me feel better?
You're right. I am just your wife in name only. Everything you said, it's bullshit.
I guess I never really knew you.
Please. You have to believe me.
I want to believe anymore, Austin. But this? It's all too much. I need some space.
No. Are you going to get that?
Maybe if I think you want to...
Hey sweet girl. We've been searching for you for so long.
You're...
You're parents. Lucy.
You were just two years old. I looked away for just two seconds and your stroller was gone.
You can't imagine how much we missed you.
I missed you too. I always knew you were out there some way.
We never stopped searching. Not for a moment.
We never thought you'd be adopted by a human family.
Human? You're a werewolf, Lucy. And so are you.
Yes, darling. You're one of us.
Your wolf hasn't awakened yet. But you've probably started to notice.
Our family bloodline has extraordinary healing powers.
Healing powers. When Austin was affected by the drug, I wasn't.
You're strong, Lucy.
You're stronger than you ever realized.
Thank you so much, Elphost.
We never would have found our way here.
If you haven't reached out to us.
Austin, you found us? Yes, Elphost and tracked us down.
We couldn't have done this without him.
You have a good man here, Lucy. We're so happy for you.
He's done so much for me. And all I've done is push him away.
Maybe. Maybe it really was just a misunderstanding.
Meeting Lucy was the best thing that ever happened to me.
She means the world to me. And I promise I'll do everything I can to protect her.
We couldn't have asked for a better man.
Mr. and Mrs. Blackwell, the guest room is ready.
I'm sure your journey was long, and you must be very exhausted.
Alex here will show you to your room.
You know you did all this for me, Austin. Thank you.
Lucy, I know things between us haven't necessarily been easy,
but I need you to know that everything that I've done,
I've done because I love you, are my Luna, Lucy.
And I want everyone to know it.
We'll have a Luna ceremony for you.
And the entire back will know that you will always be by my side.
You're going to be a dad.
Oh, I just wanted to congratulate you on becoming Austin's Luna.
I know love can't be forced, so I'm moving on.
You better mean that.
You've only got yourself to blame, bitch.
Now that you're a werewolf, let's see how much you enjoy this little silver treat.
I'll have to go. Enjoy breakfast.
It looks delicious.
Well, how was it?
It tastes just as good as it looks.
Here, you should try something.
Are you okay? Should I call a doctor?
No, no, I'm fine.
Actually, there's something I want to tell you.
What's that?
Um, Austin, are you okay?
What's wrong?
Austin, are you okay?
Body's been poisoned by silver.
Body isn't strong enough to recover on its own.
You need his mate.
She's the only one that can wake him up.
His mate? You mean Ariana?
I'm not his mate anymore. He rejected me.
There's nothing I can do.
But you were once his mate. That bond doesn't just vanish.
Just because he rejected you, that residual connection could be enough to help him.
Please, let's give it a chance. Just touch him.
Okay, here is only hope.
It should be the bitch lying here, not Austin.
There's no way I can save him.
Damn it.
Please, Ariana.
Why is it working?
She really was his true mate. We should have seen some by now.
It's got to be because Austin rejected her.
No matter what, a rejected mate's power gets weakened.
Yeah, I really was his mate. He just rejected me.
She couldn't stand talking about this, but isn't true?
You promised to always be my best.
His vitals. They're improving.
Lucy, you will Austin up.
You're his mate.
This mate?
Told you she was the one that poisoned him.
That's why he's getting better. She must have given him the antidote just now.
That is ridiculous.
You heard the one who poisoned him, aren't you?
Ariana has a point.
Alpha Austin collapsed after eating the food that Lucy fed to him.
We've got to lock her up until we get to the bottom of this.
Yeah, she's a human. And humans are greedy.
She probably only wanted Alpha Austin's money.
You promised divorce papers.
What's this?
You're pregnant? You're pregnant?
Oh dear you. You don't deserve to have his child.
Ariana.
Even if you want her dead, it can't happen here.
You're right. Letting her die so easily would be too kind.
Where's Lucy?
Lucy, she's been accused of poisoning you, and she's locked away in the West Tower.
What?
Austin, Austin, are you okay?
It was you, wasn't it?
You said Lucy poisoned me. That's ridiculous.
Austin, I'm your mate. Would you rather believe that slut over me?
The only right thing I ever did with you was reject you.
Get out of my way. I'm going to see my wife.
You're not going anywhere.
She's somewhere you'll never find.
If you want to keep her alive, divorce her.
I'm saying her.
Make me your Luna, and that'll keep her safe.
Ariana!
Go ahead, kill me.
And I promise you'll never see her or the little rider in her belly.
What are you talking about? What are you talking about?
That's right. That bitch is pregnant.
And if you ever want to see your gun, you'll play by my role.
Pregnant?
Alpha, I just want to let you know everything's ready for the Luna ceremony tomorrow.
But I guess that won't be happening. I'll postpone it.
There's no need to postpone. Just switch the Luna.
I want everyone to know I'm the rightful Luna of this pack.
Noah, that's not happening.
Oh, really?
Would you rather I become your Luna?
Or do you want that little tramp in her spawn to die?
No!
Lucy, too.
Can she be our mate?
Is the moon goddess punishing us? Any word on Lucy?
No.
You're covering your tracks well.
Are you really going to let Ariana become your Luna?
If it means saving Lucy and the baby?
Yes.
Where's Austin?
Austin?
He's a little preoccupied right now.
Is marrying my daughter.
Declaring her as his Luna.
He never loved her. All you're doing is stealing someone else's husband.
How pathetic.
You're dead. You really think you're the Luna?
Look at you.
No pregnant with the Alpha's child.
You're just lucky. That drunk had to mess up.
You'd be carrying a bastard right now.
It's you.
Of course. The rug's in the drunk. That was all us.
I just can't believe why the moon goddess would choose a nobody like you to be the strongest Alpha's mate.
It's your fault.
Please.
We're blocking my daughter.
No.
Please.
But everything's going to be just fine.
Soon enough.
Ariana Hoffman.
You vowed to serve as the Luna of this pack to protect its people and lead beside Alpha Austin Vinci as a sequel.
I do.
Alpha Austin Vinci.
Do you vow to accept Ariana as your Luna?
To guide your pack ever and protect your people with her by your side?
I'm to place the Luna crown on your mate.
Your Luna.
Put it on me. You are not. You are not.
I'm playing your games now.
You're selling you need to know.
Austin forced me. Ever been your trick.
If it weren't for me trying to protect Lucy that I'd be playing any of these games with you?
No, not.
The price for what she did. And now it's your turn.
You are the Luna of the pack. This is your call.
You will be stripped of your werewolf powers.
You will be banished from this pack and you will never come back.
I don't know how I didn't see it before. It was you my bet that night.
Oh, and it really hurt.
Have you seen that tie that you got me last month? I couldn't find it.
Oh, I just put it in the closet drawer. Did you check there? It's right here.
What do you say tonight? We just four months old. What is she going to know?
Where is my mother?
My friend's daughter.
Clean up the floor.